Experiment Texts:
Questionaire 1:
Do you use a smartphone for work or studying?
Do you use a smartphone for hobbies or other freetime activities?
Do you use a laptop/computer for work or studying?
Do you use a laptop/computer for hobbies or other freetime activities?
Do you use a smartwatch for work or studying?
Do you use a smartwatch for hobbies or other freetime activities?
How many of the websites you use for work or studying do you use frequently?
How many of the websites you use for hobbies or other freetime activities do you use frequently?
How much do you feel you depend on your electronic devices for work or studying?
How much do you feel you depend on your electronic devices for hobbies or other freetime activities?

Questionnaire 2:
Is it easy for you to navigate through the websites you are using frequently?
Is it easy for you to navigate through websites you never used before?
Is it comfortable for you to use a smartphone for work or studying?
Is it comfortable for you to use a smartphone for hobbies or other freetime activities?
Is it comfortable for you to use a laptop/computer for work or studying?
Is it comfortable for you to use a laptop/computer for hobbies or other freetime activities?
Is it comfortable for you to use a smartwatch for work or studying?
Is it comfortable for you to use a smartwatch for hobbies or other freetime activities?
Would you like to be less dependent on your electronic devices for work or studying?
Would you like to be less dependent on your electronic devices for hobbies or other freetime activities?


Always above the button:
To proceed with questionnaire 1 / 2, press the button.

Text below or above the button:
Please answer the questions as best as you can. If you can`t answer a question, tick the corresponding “can’t answer” box.

Before the experiment:
Thank you for your participation!
This experiment is in the field of Human-Computer interaction. It is made of two questionnaires and will take about 5 minutes.
We are collecting no personal data, except for your age. This way, the data we collect will be anonymous. 
